Joey: Cute?! This is Janice! You remember Janice?

Rachel: Yes, Joey, I remember. She's annoying. But you know what? She's-she's his girlfriend now. 
I mean, what can we do?

Joey: There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? Alright, who's first? Huh?
 Ross?

Ross: Well, I'm thinking Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult 
about it and accept her.

Joey: Yeah, we'll call that Plan B, alright? Come on, people, we need some inspiration!

Phoebe: Yeah, okay, alright, you want a plan? Here we go. All right. So um, okay, Ross, you go into the air
 duct and disable the alarm, okay? And then, then the rest of us will just rappel down ropes. We're in and 
out in 10 minutes and then disappear into the night. Huh? Huh?
	air duct: (建筑物、机舱、船舱等的)通风管，通气道
	disable something [dɪs'eɪbəl]: to make something unable to work so that it cannot be used 使(系统、机制等)瘫痪
	rappel (down, off, etc. something) [ræ'pɛl]: to go down a steep cliff or rock while attached to a rope, pushing against
 the slope or rock with your feet 沿绳索滑下


[Scene: Ross's Bedroom. Ross is working. Rachel leans over and kisses him on the cheek.]

Rachel: Honey, I was wondering…

Ross: Hmm?

Rachel: Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?

Ross: No. I had to return it to the costume place.

Rachel: Oh.

Ross: I think I have an old band uniform from high school.

Rachel: You remember not having sex in high school, right?

Ross: Yeah.

Rachel: Well, honey, what about you?

Ross: What?

Rachel: I mean, fun, you know, fantasy-type things?
fantasy-type: 幻想类的 (<复合>-type附在名词后，构成复合形容词，表示"……种类的"。例如：police-type警察类的)

Ross: No.

Rachel: Come on, you gotta have one!

Ross: Nope.

Rachel: Ross, you know what?

Ross: What?

Rachel: If you tell me, I might do it.

Ross: Okay. Um, did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?

Rachel: Yeah.

Ross: Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? He was this uh, really fat worm guy.

Rachel: Wow. Men and women really are different.


Ross: No, no, no. See, Jabba had, as his prisoner, Princess Leia. 

Rachel: Oh.

Ross: Princess Leia was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.


Rachel: So are you saying that you would like me to, um, dress up like Princess Leia in a gold bikini?

Ross: Okay!

