[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Rachel are there.]

Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini? Oh, every guy our age loved that.

Rachel: Really?!

Phoebe: Mm-hm. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment when-when, you know, she stopped being a princess 
and she became, like, a woman, you know.

Rachel: Did you ever…do the-the Leia thing?

Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Mm-hm. Oh!

Rachel: Really?! That-that great, huh?

Phoebe: No, it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya.
have it on vibrate [vai'breit]: 调成振动模式 (<例>put a cellphone on vibrate mode)

[Ross enters with Monica in tow.] 


Ross: Hey.

Rachel: Hi, you guys!

Ross: Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Szechwan ['sei'tʃwɑ:n]: 四川省
	dragon ['dræɡən]: (in stories) a large aggressive animal with wings and a long tail, that can breathe out fire 龙
	parking meter: 停车计时器 (<近>118.Aunt Iris: Listen, I am parked at a meter.)


Rachel: Mon. Hi! 

Monica: Hi.

Rachel: Why aren't you at work?

Monica: Oh, they-they sent me home.

Rachel: Why?

Monica: Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.

Ross: Okay.

Rachel: You really, really need to get some sleep, honey.

Monica: I know I do.

Ross: [to Rachel] Hi.

Rachel: Hi.

Ross: Guess what?

Rachel: What?

Ross: They published my paper.

Rachel: Oh, really?

Ross: Yeah. Statistical Deviations in the Carbon Dating of Fossilized Algae: History or Mystery?
statistical [stə'tistikəl]: relating to the use of statistics. 统计的；统计学的
deviation [,di:vi'eiʃən]: (统计学)离差
carbon dating: a method of calculating the age of very old objects by measuring the amounts of different forms of
 carbon in them 放射性碳素断代；碳定年法
	fossilized ['fɔsilaizd]: (古生物学)化石化的，化石状的
	algae ['ældʒi]: plants with no stems or leaves that grow in water or on damp surfaces 水藻
colon ['kəulən]: 冒号

Phoebe: Rach, look! [holds two buns up to her ears] Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come 
rescue me? [Ross stands up behind Rachel.] There he is.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's. Joey is watching Wheel of Fortune. The puzzle is showing '_oun_ Rush_ore'.
 Chandler enters.]

Chandler: Hey!

Joey: Wheel!

Chandler: Of!

Joey: Fortune! This guy is so stupid. [yells] It's Count Rushmore!

Chandler: You know, you should really go on this show. Alright, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers
 tonight. What do you say?
the Rangers: 参见104.2.(2)纽约游骑兵队(New York Rangers)


Joey: I say 'I am there!'. Cool! Aw! Is Ross going to?

Chandler: No, Janice.

Joey: [painful] Janice? 'Cause I just, I feel bad for Ross, you know. We-we always go together. We're like
 The Three Hockey-teers, you know.
The Three Hockey-teers: 参见124.文化详解3.The Three Musketeers


Chandler: You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you have a problem with Janice?
	out on a limb: risk doing something that other people are not prepared to do 冒险；担风险

Joey: No! Yes. Oh, God. How do I say this? [Chandler follows him closely into the kichen. He turns around
 and gets startled.] Oh, hi. You know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair?

Chandler: Oh, that girl that I hate? Oh, she drives me crazy. Oh, oh. Oh!

Joey: Look, I don't hate Janice. She's-she's just a lot to take, you know.

Chandler: Well, there you go.

Joey: Oh, hey. Come on, man. Don't look at me like that. She used to drive you nuts before too. 
Remember?

Chandler: Yeah, well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the Real Thing. Capital 'r'! Capital 't'! 
[Joey stares at him.] Don't worry. Those are the right letters.
capital: a letter of the form and size that is used at the beginning of a sentence or a name 大写字母 (<异>119.Ross: 
But before we head off to the murder capital of the Northeast, I was kinda wanting to run something by you.
 <异>218.Chandler: She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.)


Joey: Look, what do you want me to say?

Chandler: I want you to say that you like her!

Joey: I can't.


Chandler: Like her!

Joey: No.

Chandler: So you're not even gonna try?

Joey: What's the point? It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just
 wanna…[grimaces and tenses up] pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her. 
chemical thing ['kɛmɪkl]: the relationship between two people, usually a strong sexual attraction 人与人之间的感情关系

Chandler: Thanks for trying. [grabs the ticket back and starts to leave] Oh, and by the way, there is no 
Count Rushmore!

Joey: Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? 
	

	[Chandler gives him a look like 'You stupid idiot!'] 