
  301.The One With the Princess Leia Fantasy—Part1

	[Scene: Central Perk. The whole gang is entering.]

>  gang [ɡæŋ]
>  n. 群；一伙；一组
>  vt. 使成群结队；结伙伤害或恐吓某人
>  vi. 成群结队

Joey: I'm telling you, that girl totally winked at me.

> ### wink at sb （尤指对坏事）视而不见；睁一只眼闭一只眼
>
> wink [wɪŋk] 
>
> - v. 眨眼；使眼色；闪烁
> - n. 眨眼；使眼色；闪烁；瞬间；小憩

All: Did not. She did not wink at you. You always think somebody's winking at you.

	[They see their sacred couch occupied by six strangers.] 

> sacred  [ˈseɪkrɪd]
>
> - adj. 神的；神圣的；宗教的；庄严的
>
> couch
>
> * n. 长椅 ，长沙发，睡椅
> * vi. 埋伏，躺着
> * vt. 使躺下；表达；弯下
>
> occupied 
>
> * adj  adj. 已占用的；使用中的；无空闲的
>  v. 占有（occupy的过去式）


Chandler: Huh. 
	

	[They all leave dejectedly.] 

> dejectedly [di'dʒektidli]
>
> - adv. 沮丧地；灰心地

Opening Credits

> opening credits 开场字幕，片头字幕

[Scene: Rachel and Monica's. Phoebe, Ross and Rachel are eating breakfast.]
​	
​	
Ross: I have to say 'Tupelo Honey' by Van Morrison.
​	
​	
Rachel: No way! The most romantic song ever was 'The Way We Were'.
​	
​	
Phoebe: Ah, see, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on 'Who's The Boss?'.

Rachel: What song was that, Pheebs?

Phoebe: [singing] 'Hold me close, young Tony Danza'.

[Monica enters from her bedroom.] 

Phoebe, Ross and Rachel: Hi, Monica. Hey, Mon.

[Monica just nods her head and walks into the bathroom.] 

> nod  
>
> * v. 点头，摆动
> * n. 点头，打盹，摆动

Phoebe: Oh, my God. Has she slept at all?

Ross: Nope.

Rachel: No. It's been three nights in a row.

> in a row 连续
>
> 例如：
>
> Once again, with three road games in a row, we folded during the last outing（远足，短途旅行）.
>
> 连续三场客场的最后一场，我们又一次在比赛的最后时刻倒下

Ross: Yeah. She finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the
	 terrace, so...

> cigar  [sɪˈɡɑːr] n. 雪茄
>
> butt  [bʌt] n. 屁股，烟头  v. 用头顶撞(人), （动物)用(角)顶
>
> cigar butts 雪茄屁股
>
> terrace   [ˈtɛrəs] n. 平台；梯田；阳台

[Phoebe points at the cigar butt on the counter.]

> counter n 柜台，柜子

Phoebe: Oh, okay, that explains it. I got a call at 2 in the morning. All I could hear was, like, this high 
	squeaky sound. So I thought, oh, okay, so it was, like, a mouse or a possum. Then I realized, like, okay,
	 where would a mouse or a possum get the money to make the phone call?
possum ['pɑsəm]: 口语，同opossum，负鼠 (<近>212.The Zoo Keeper: Ah, hello, Mr. Opossum, enigma of the
	 trees…)

> squeaky [ˈskwiːki]  adj. 嘎吱作响的
>
> possum  [ˈpɑːsəm]  n. 负鼠（等于opossum）

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's. Joey comes out from his bedroom when Chandler is in the kitchen.]

Chandler: Morning.

Joey: Morning. Hey, you made pancakes?

> pancake  [ˈpænkeɪk] n. 薄烤饼

Chandler: Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.

[Janice enters.] 

Janice: [singing] Monica and Rachel had syrup. Now I can get my man to cheer up. [laughs] Good morning, Joey.
syrup ['sɪrəp]: any thick sweet liquid made with sugar and other ingredients, used especially as a sauce 糖浆 (参见
113.文化详解8.)

> syrup  [ˈsɪrəp]  n. 糖浆，果汁；含药糖浆 
>
> sauce  [sɔːs]  n. 酱油，沙司，调味汁
>
> ingredients  [ɪn'ɡridɪənts] n. 材料；佐料

Joey: Good morning.

Janice: Someone's wearing cranky-pants.
cranky-pants (参见206.Ross: Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.)

Chandler: It's gotta be you, man. I'm wearing smarty-pants.
	smarty-pants ['smɑ:tipænts]: a person who behaves as if they know everything and likes to show people this in an 
annoying way 自作聪明的人


Janice: Hey, here we go. [puts pancakes on a dish] One, two, and here's my chance to give you a third
	 one. Joey?

Joey: No, no. I'll just have juice.
	
	
Chandler: Hey, you know what? Here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang
 out with me.

> hang  out with sb:和sb一起闲逛，与sb出去玩

Janice: Oh, I wish. Listen, honey, you have that report to finish and I gotta go see my lawyer. 

Chandler: I can not believe I'm going out with somebody who's getting divorced. I'm such a grown-up.
 Joey! Hey! Go to your room!

Joey: Chandler! Hey! Up yours!
	up yours: 滚开!见你的鬼去吧!你妈的!


Janice: I-I-I gotta go. I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.

Chandler: Well, maybe I won't kiss you and then you'll have to stay.

Joey: [under his breath] Kiss her! Kiss her!

> **under one's breath** 低声说话；压着嗓子

Janice: I'll see you later, sweetie. Bye, Joey.

Joey: Bye-bye, Janice. [Janice leaves. to Chandler] So when you dump her?

> dump [dʌmp] 
>
> - v. 倾倒；丢下；猛地放下；（向国外）倾销；随便堆放；与（某人）结束恋爱关系；（非正式）抛弃；（非正式）抛售；卸出（数据）；（内存信息）转储
> - n. 垃圾场；废渣堆；矿山废石堆；（非正式）脏地方；军需品临时存放处；转储；（非正式）拉屎

Chandler: Nope, not this time.

Joey: Come on, quit yanking me.

> yank   [jæŋk]
>
> - vi. 猛地一拉
> - vt. 猛拉
> - n. 突然的猛拉
>
> quit yanking me （口语） 别整我了

Chandler: I'm not yanking you.

Joey: This is Janice.

Chandler: Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.

Joey: Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with
 her. No blinking.

> blink  [blɪŋk]
>
> - vt. 眨眼；使…闪烁
> - vi. 眨眼；闪烁
> - n. 眨眼；瞬间；闪光

Chandler: [looks Joey in the eye] I'm not breaking up with her! 
	
	[They stare at each other for a while. Then Joey blows in Chandler's face.] 

>  stare at sb/sth:  to look at sb/sth for a long time 盯着看；凝视；注视

[Scene: Rachel and Monica's. Monica enters from the bathroom.]

Monica: God, look what I found in the drain!

> drain [dreɪn] : n. 排水沟；下水道

Rachel: What?

Monica: It's some of Richard's hair! [holds it close to Ross] What do I do with this?

Ross: Getting it away from me would be job one.

Monica: It's weird. But you know what? I don't wanna throw this away. I mean, this is like all I have left of him.
 Gross, drain hair…oh! [drops it in Ross's cereal] 

> gross  [ɡroʊs] adj. 恶心的

Phoebe: Oh, oh, it looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. 

> cereal [ˈsɪriəl] n.谷类，谷物；谷类食品；谷类植物;麦片粥

Monica: God, what is wrong with me?

Ross: You need to get some sleep.

Monica: I need to get some Richard.

Rachel: Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.

Monica: I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why he hasn't called.
 Why hasn't he called?!

> tired of 对什么厌倦

Phoebe: Maybe 'cause you told him not to.

Monica: What are you, the Memory Woman?

[Joey enters angrily.]

Joey: They are not breaking up. Chandler and Janice, they are not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.

Rachel: Well, you know, I'm not surprised. I mean, have you seen them together? They're really cute."

